Write a working documentation example (#78)
ssb-js/ssb-keys: README.md

supplies key loading and other cryptographic functions needed in secure-scuttlebutt apps.

```js
var ssbKeys = require("ssb-keys");

// Load or create keys in this way:
var keys = ssbKeys.loadOrCreateSync("<path-to-file>");
/* keys =>
  {
    "curve": "ed25519",
    "public": "cFVodZoKwLcmXbM6UeASdl8+7+Uo8PNOuFnlcqk7qUc=.ed25519",
    "private": "lUqlXYxjkM0/ljtGnwoM0CfP6ORA2DKZnzsQ4dJ1tKJwVWh1mgrAtyZdszpR4BJ2Xz7v5Sjw8064WeVyqTupRw==.ed25519",
    "id": "@cFVodZoKwLcmXbM6UeASdl8+7+Uo8PNOuFnlcqk7qUc=.ed25519"
  }
*/

// `.generate()` is useful for testing purposes.
var keys = ssbKeys.generate();
/* keys =>
  {
    "curve": "ed25519",
    "public": "YSa2zbx07RNKQrrFX1vS5mFN+Pbnul61hd9GGymao1o=.ed25519",
    "private": "XhEkyFWb0TkhRU5t/yDTCI6Q9gwhsJM/SpL02UUwVtZhJrbNvHTtE0pCusVfW9LmYU349ue6XrWF30YbKZqjWg==.ed25519",
    "id": "@YSa2zbx07RNKQrrFX1vS5mFN+Pbnul61hd9GGymao1o=.ed25519"
  }
*/

// hmac_key` is a shared secret between two peers used to authenticate the sent data.

> // To create an `hmac_key` you can use a 32bit buffer:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
// To create an `hmac_key` you can use a 32-byte buffer:
```
